README.md, before:

# LOOKBUTNOSTOPPING.COM

An interactive web experience telling the story of our adventures in Newfoundland in May 2019.

![Parallax Intro](https://github.com/jpvalery/newfoundland/blob/master/docs/intro-parallax.gif?raw=true)
![Scrolling Map](https://github.com/jpvalery/newfoundland/blob/master/docs/scrolling-map.gif?raw=true)
![Lighthouse Score](https://github.com/jpvalery/newfoundland/blob/master/docs/lighthouse.png?raw=true)


#### Credits

*   Photos & Texts by [Jp Valery](https://jpvalery.photo) & Aurélie Boucher
*   SVG [Map of Newfoundland](http://www.freevectormaps.com/canada/newfoundland-and-labrador/CA-NL-EPS-02-4001?ref=atr "Map Newfoundland") by FreeVectorMaps
*   Puffin favicon by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/ "Freepik")
*   Ferry icon by [Matin Mahirli](https://www.iconfinder.com/mathme "Matin Mahirli")
*   Puffins and Iceberg icons on the map from O'Briens Boat Tours
*   Based on code by [Lucas Bebber](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/12/16/animated-map-path-for-interactive-storytelling/ "Lucas Bebber") and [Matthias Jordan](https://github.com/iammatthias/Gatsby-Firewatch-Parallax)

Commit message:

chore: update license in readme

README.md, after:

# LOOKBUTNOSTOPPING.COM

An interactive web experience telling the story of our adventures in Newfoundland in May 2019.

![Parallax Intro](https://github.com/jpvalery/newfoundland/blob/master/docs/intro-parallax.gif?raw=true)
![Scrolling Map](https://github.com/jpvalery/newfoundland/blob/master/docs/scrolling-map.gif?raw=true)

![Lighthouse Score](https://github.com/jpvalery/newfoundland/blob/master/docs/lighthouse.png?raw=true)

⚠️ While the code of the website is under the MIT License, the content of the website including text and photos are under copyright.

#### Credits

*   Photos & Texts by [Jp Valery](https://jpvalery.photo) & Aurélie Boucher
*   SVG [Map of Newfoundland](http://www.freevectormaps.com/canada/newfoundland-and-labrador/CA-NL-EPS-02-4001?ref=atr "Map Newfoundland") by FreeVectorMaps
*   Puffin favicon by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/ "Freepik")
*   Ferry icon by [Matin Mahirli](https://www.iconfinder.com/mathme "Matin Mahirli")
*   Puffins and Iceberg icons on the map from O'Briens Boat Tours
*   Based on code by [Lucas Bebber](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/12/16/animated-map-path-for-interactive-storytelling/ "Lucas Bebber") and [Matthias Jordan](https://github.com/iammatthias/Gatsby-Firewatch-Parallax)
